NTT DoCoMo has demonstrated HEV C also
known as h.265 a new international video
compression standard PVC is the next
generation after h.264 which is
currently in widespread use compared
with that specification it can double
the data compression ratio I need you to
isoka shown in such a transitory motion
the coachella the buzzer so no the couch
channel channel C gamma begins I Sheila
Scott at they do IH open in Tokyo ABC
divided emotion instead put a guitar c
ABC whatever not idiot are you looking
me like I said what you guys do you know
what I did I tell most can claim I said
I was on the HTV she is told by the
colony I said okay DoCoMo has been a big
proponent for the standardization of a
TVC since it was first proposed in 2007
consequently DoCoMo's own specification
to enable use for mobile applications
has been adopted DoCoMo has also
suggested ways to improve aspects such
as compression performance
from now on Dirk Moe will consider
incorporating HEV C into its video
services such as the video and anime
store the Koala card is my star go go
soft on what's all guy in a team us who
in biocides de Muro could you come up
they are know your time here please hit
the couch RI are you okay no I know this
psi is there no could you come at it
such a statement a fake ID night on our
theater Thursday June a WBS congregate
at or above como una casa no no way to
miss your Skymaster I'm about to dance
with Adriana
well after what I did in your honor in
March
Dirk mo will start licensing HEV see
codec software for full HD on smartphone
yes because this software it decodes a
TV see video efficiently it eliminates
delays and dropouts do a lack of
processing speed enabling smooth
real-time video but your success on me
kohaku bodies there I know kai hot sauce
smithy that I did masakazu that they
were out social code on your team a
viral traffic authorized each type a so
it don't worry Tony was digging for news